oh hello YouTube
this is kind of dark but my actual
camera that I normally use doesn't work
today so basically it's a 2000 GTI vr6
from Volkswagen and it has the notorious
trunk unlock problem where you can't get
in regardless of what it's doing so I
pretty much fix the problem already but
I figured I'd show you guys in case you
guys can't get in now let's see here I
got the light you guys can't get in I
didn't know this sorry for shaking but I
didn't know this and I spent the last
three hours trying to take apart this
back trim piece that goes here and as
you can see I damaged a few things in
the long run but my loss sees your
guys's gain so basically all you guys
really need to do if you have this
problem and with mine it was this little
piece right here came off came loose and
all I had to do really is clip it was
kind of hard to do with one hand clip it
right there and you can't see it but it
doesn't work no that was the only issue
that this little piece right here see I
didn't do better that little piece right
there popped off but anyways so for you
guys that are having that problem either
the motors dead the actuator motor is
dead or this piece is broken or fell off
all you guys really have to do is
basically on the back plate here you'll
see there are in the little handles on
the GTI there's these two little screws
one on this handle on this side and one
right here undo those two screws and
then it's all put in with tabs there's
like little Clips
so all you have to do is pop the lower
clips off
have access to that little hole right
there and as you can see that little
hole oh that little hole you take your
screwdriver in to that little hole and
you grab that you put it behind this and
you pull towards the passenger side and
push and your trunk is open and it will
save you guys a hell of a lot of time so
anyways that was my little trick or what
I learned in doing this anyways hope
this helps hope this soon as you guys
avoiding having to take off this whole
door panel and again for those of you
miss it the first time so basically take
off pull off the tab so you can have
access to the bottom part of this you
don't have to take off this hole this
hole splash of this hole trim piece all
you do is take off the bottom piece so
you can get a screwdriver in go far over
to the drivers as far over to the
driver's side as you can go and then
once you go you're looking for that
little hook so far over to the driver's
side then push towards the passenger
side and then push out and your trunks
open and that's the mechanical release
so if anything is remotely wrong it
should work and sorry for the shaky
video but I am doing it with an iPhone
and I am stuffed into the back of my
little GTI
so there you have it how to fix a broken
trunk release mechanism on pretty much a
99205 Oh 605 GTI Golf possibly even on
some of the newer ones because I've seen
similar mechanisms on some of the newer
ones but there you go guys enjoy